fix gardener azure jobs (#2499)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/presets.md

| **preset-sa-gke-kyma-integration**                        | It injects credentials for the service account to run integration tests on a Google Cloud Engine (GKE) cluster.                                                                           |
| **preset-creds-aks-kyma-integration**                     | It injects credentials to run integration tests on an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster.                                                                                             |
| **preset-nightly-aks-github-integration**                 | It injects GitHub application credentials which enable GitHub authentication for an AKS cluster using Dex.                                                                                |
| **preset-bot-npm-token**                                  | It provides an environment variable with a token for publishing npm packages.                                                                                                             |

> | **preset-sa-kyma-artifacts**                              | It sets up the service account that has write permissions to Kyma's artifacts bucket. This is also required if you need to push a new docker image                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **preset-sa-kyma-artifacts**                              | It sets up the service account that has `write` rights to Kyma's artifacts bucket. This is also required if you need to push a new docker image.                                      |
```

| **preset-kyma-backup-credentials**                        | It sets the environment variable for the JSON file with the credentials for the service account. The file contains write and read permissions for the GCP bucket used for backups.        |
| **preset-kyma-backup-restore-bucket**                     | It defines the environment variable for Kyma's backups bucket.                                                                                                                            |
| **preset-kyma-ondemands**                                 | It defines the environment variable for Kyma's on-demand artifacts bucket.                                                                                                                |

> | **preset-kyma-encryption-key**                            | It defines the key name for encrypt/decrypt operations on a  Prow cluster.                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **preset-kyma-encryption-key**                            | It defines the key name for encrypting/decrypting operations on a  Prow cluster.                                                                                                                |
```
